20_2 TreeList Column Resizing: rewrite (#793)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/TreeList/Resizing/description.md

TreeList automatically sets equal widths for all columns. You can change this default behavior programmatically and allow users to resize columns.

**Properties to resize column widths programmatically:**

* [columnAutoWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnAutoWidth)          
Specifies whether columns should adjust their widths to the content

* [columnWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnWidth)          
Specifies the width for all data columns.

* **columns[]**.[width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#width)           
Specifies an individual column's width. Overrides the **columnWidth** value.

> **Properties that allow users to resize column widths:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Properties that allow users to resize columns:**
```

* [allowColumnResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#allowColumnResizing)             

> Specifies whether users can resize columns. To prevent an individial column's resize, set **columns[]**.[allowResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#allowResizing) to **false**. You can also set [columnMinWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnMinWidth) and **columns[]**.[minWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#minWidth) to specify minimum width for all and individual columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether users can resize columns. To prevent an individial column's resize, set **columns[]**.[allowResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#allowResizing) to **false**. You can also configure the [columnMinWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnMinWidth) property to specify minimum width for all columns and **columns[]**.[minWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#minWidth) for individual columns.
```

* [columnResizingMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnResizingMode)           

> In the default *"nextColumn"* mode, when a user resizes a column, the width of the next column changes. You can set this property to *"widget"* so that the width of the UI component would change instead. Applies only if **allowColumnResizing** is enabled. Use the drop-down list below this demo's TreeList to switch between these two modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default *"nextColumn"* mode, when a user resizes a column, the width of the next column changes. You can set this property to *"widget"* to change the width of the whole UI component instead. Applies only if **allowColumnResizing** is enabled. Use the drop-down list below the TreeList to switch between these two modes.
```

Reviewer: Another option is to use the same structure as in the following demo: https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/ColumnResizing/jQuery/Light/

> TreeList automatically sets equal widths for all columns. You can make column widths adjust to the content, set custom widths, and allow users to resize columns.

Reviewer 2: > automatically 

I read it as "TreeList sets equal widths for all columns no matter what you do".

> You can make column widths adjust to the content, set custom widths, and allow users to resize columns.

The subheadings tell for themselves, there's no need to recount them.

```suggestion
The TreeList sets equal widths for all columns, but you can change the widths as described below:
```

> ### Make column widths adjust to the content

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Auto-Adjust Column Widths to the Content
```

> In this demo, columns adjust their widths to the content. To enable this feature, set the [columnAutoWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnAutoWidth) property to **true**.

Reviewer: Maybe swap these sentences? Thus we show how to use this feature in general and then how we use it in the specific case.

> ### Set custom widths

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Specify Custom Column Widths
```

> You can set custom width for all and individual columns. To do this, use the following properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set custom widths for all or individual columns. Individual settings override common settings. Use the following properties to specify the widths:
```

> * [columnWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnWidth)          
> Specifies the width for all data columns.
> 
> * **columns[]**.[width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#width)           
> Specifies an individual column's width. Overrides the **columnWidth** value.

Reviewer 2: Properties that set minimum widths apply without user resizing as well.

```suggestion
* [columnWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnWidth) / **columns[]**.[width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#width)               
Specify a width for all or individual columns.

* [columnMinWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnMinWidth) / *columns[]**.[minWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#minWidth)                        
Specify a minimum width for all or individual columns.
```

> ### Allow users to resize columns

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Allow Users to Resize Columns
```

Users can resize columns if the [allowColumnResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#allowColumnResizing) property is enabled. When a user resizes a column, the TreeList's behavior depends on the [columnResizingMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnResizingMode) property value:

> * *"nextColumn"*: the TreeList resizes the adjacent column; total component width stays the same.

Reviewer: This kind of list formatting is inconsistent with the formatting above.

* *"widget"*: the total component width increases or decreases; all other columns maintain their widths.

Use the drop-down list below the TreeList to try both values.

> If you need to prevent an individial column's resize, set **columns[]**.[allowResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#allowResizing) to **false**. Сonfigure the [columnMinWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnMinWidth) property to specify the minimal width for all columns as done in this demo. Use the **columns[]**.[minWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#minWidth) to do this for an individual column.

Reviewer 2: > an individial column's resize

I'm not sure about this.

> set **columns[]**.[allowResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#allowResizing) to **false**

You can use "enable" / "disable" if there's no repetition. Fewer words - same result.

```suggestion
If you do not want users to resize a specific column, disable its [allowResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#allowResizing) property.
```

> If you need to prevent an individial column's resize, set **columns[]**.[allowResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#allowResizing) to **false**. Сonfigure the [columnMinWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnMinWidth) property to specify the minimal width for all columns as done in this demo. Use the **columns[]**.[minWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#minWidth) to do this for an individual column.

Reviewer 2: Reorder the subitems:

- Specify Column Width
- Auto-Adjust
- Allow Users

> The TreeList sets equal widths for all columns, but you can change the widths as described below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The TreeList sets the same width for all columns, but you can change column widths as described below:
```

### Specify Custom Column Widths
You can set custom widths for all or individual columns. Individual settings override common settings. Use the following properties to specify the widths:

* [columnWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnWidth) / **columns[]**.[width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#width)               
Specify a width for all or individual columns.

> * [columnMinWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnMinWidth) / *columns[]**.[minWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#minWidth)                        

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [columnMinWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnMinWidth) / **columns[]**.[minWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#minWidth)                        
```

Specify a minimum width for all or individual columns.

> ### Auto-Adjust Column Widths to the Content

Reviewer 3: Content is uncountable

```suggestion
### Auto-Adjust Column Widths to Content
```

Author: Uncountable nouns can be used with "the".

Reviewer 3: They can be indeed. But why? Are you referring to specific content here? Why the need for this emphasis?

> In this demo, columns adjust their widths to the content. To enable this feature, set the [columnAutoWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnAutoWidth) property to **true**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this demo, columns adjust their widths according to their content. To enable this feature, set the [columnAutoWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnAutoWidth) property to **true**.
```

Author: "adjust width to the content" is better. Also, this version is in the [columnAutoWidth](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#columnAutoWidth) documentation.

Reviewer 3: If you already have this version elsewhere, then keep it.

### Allow Users to Resize Columns
Users can resize columns if the [allowColumnResizing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#allowColumnResizing) property is enabled. When a user resizes a column, the TreeList's behavior depends on the [columnResizingMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnResizingMode) property value:

* *"nextColumn"*           

> The TreeList resizes the adjacent column; total component width stays the same.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The TreeList resizes the adjacent column; the total component width does not change.
```
